[BREAKING] tx.origin, msg.sender and address(literal) are non-payable addresses (#10496)
ethereum/solidity: docs/080-breaking-changes.rst

* Remove support for the ``\b``, ``\f``, and ``\v`` escape sequences in code.
  They can still be inserted via hexadecimal escapes, e.g. ``\x08``, ``\x0c``, and ``\x0b``, respectively.
* The global variables ``tx.origin`` and ``msg.sender`` have the type ``address`` instead of
  ``address payable``. One can convert them into ``address payable`` by using an explicit
  conversion, i.e., ``payable(tx.origin)`` or ``payable(msg.sender)``.

  This change was done since the compiler cannot determine whether or not these addresses
  are payable or not, so it now requires an explicit conversion to make this requirement visible.

* Explicit conversion into ``address`` type always returns a non-payable ``address`` type. In
  particular, the following explicit conversions have the type ``address`` instead of ``address
  payable``:

>   - ``address(u)`` where ``u`` is an arbitrary variable of type ``uint160``. One can convert ``u``

Reviewer: Is a conversion from uint160 to address payable possible or do you have to go through address?

    into the type ``address payable`` by using an explicit conversion, i.e., ``payable(u)``.

>   - ``address(b)`` where ``b`` is an arbitrary variable of type ``bytes20``. One can convert ``b``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``address(b)`` where ``b`` is a variable of type ``bytes20``. One can convert ``b``
```

>     into the type ``address payable`` by using an explicit conversion, i.e., ``payable(bytes20)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    into the type ``address payable`` by using an explicit conversion, i.e., ``payable(b)``.
```

>   - ``address(c)`` where ``c`` is an arbitrary contract. Previously, the return type of this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``address(c)`` where ``c`` is a contract. Previously, the return type of this
```
